Alright. In the last video, you saw that
my build was failing. It is now passing.
What happened was, I forgot to include
the @Entity annotation here. So the
context was failing on us. I wanted to
let you know that. Now in this video, we
wanna go in and start populating our
database with some data. And what we can
do is, I like to use, I steal this right
from the Grails guys, I'm gonna create a
directory called bootstrap.
Let's add a Bootstrap class, and
what we wanna do is a couple different
things here. We wanna inject the
repository. We'll add in a constructor so
that gets autowired in. And what we are
gonna do is I showed you how to use
Spring events before. We are going to
this is a Spring Boot class CommandLineRunner. We are gonna go ahead and
implement that. And we're gonna say
Implement Methods. And before, I showed
you how to load data using Spring Events,
a Context initialization event. Now,
CommandRunner is a Spring Boot specific
class of this. So I'm only gonna work
on a Spring Boot. The other method I
showed you using events will work
without Spring Boot. But this is gonna
be Spring Boot specific, and this class
gets called on startup and any arguments,
that have been passed into the JVM will
also get picked up here. But we don't
need that. What I'm gonna do is load
up some classes. I'm gonna pause the
video one second and I'll show you that.
It may pause it while I type out that
and I'll be right back. Okay. Jumped out a
little bit and let's go ahead and use
the repository to save these.
yeah let's here fruits.
I would say if the fruits, dried. Shut, I'm
not making this stuff up. It's from that
API that we're working with. Fix this one
little typo here. And just to remind you,
so this is a data of the categories up
from that API that we're recreating that
gives us these different values here to
work with. And now, let's do Data Loaded.
And say categoryRepository count.
They'll get counted records. And now, if
we come over here and start our Spring
MVC Application, we should see Data
Loaded. What is that? Five five
records? And we did not. And that is
because I forgot this. Build the
project. Actually, kick in the dev tools.
And there it is. So again, this is using a
Spring Boot class CommandLineRunner.
Just as a reminder, this is a Spring Boot
specific class, which allows us to run
application code on startup. And in this
video, I wanna have this data here in
our database, so when we call the
repository, we have something to return
for our API calls.